well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again wait see you get in here real
quick when we're setting up today we are
going to talk about community networking
and survival in general answer questions
well hello
alright we've got people starting to
show up we're gonna give it a few more
minutes if you have questions about
survival or go ahead and start with that
I have some props here to answer the
questions that we have already gotten
and we'll go from there try to get the
links out this time because people got
mad at me because apparently you don't
know it's here give me one second while
we get this set up
how long until things are normal that
depends on how on how everybody responds
it yeah okay
will there be nudity in the stream no at
least not with the way that I'm planning
this to go down see if I'm bringing my
elderly mom to live with us should I
stop volunteering probably probably or
you have to start engaging in a whole
lot of extra precautions you know the
way I was doing it when I was dropping
off food is I would take it set it on
the porch I saw it you know and then
text and walk away would have no contact
with the elderly that I was helping
however that doesn't mean that they
didn't occasionally run out and try to
say thank you which was really annoying
by the way Audio is a little low alright
hopefully that helps a little of course
now you probably hear me breathe okay
sick and staying home yeah I am I'm on
self-imposed quarantine myself am I
worried about how people will act over
food I mean it's a concern but there
isn't a food shortage it's just not on
the shelves because we operate on a zero
inventory system this big-box stores
they don't really have much of a back
room anymore so shows up on the truck
comes off goes out on the floor once
that's gone it's gone
but there's more food on the way
what I think of the government response
so far it has been lackluster it hasn't
been horrible and there have been a lot
of state and local leaders that have
stepped up to the plate but it's yeah
that there there are still a lot of
things that they could be done that
aren't you know they're sitting there
haggling over putting money in people's
hands right now and deciding whether or
not to means test and all of this stuff
the longer that discussion goes on the
worse the problem gets the easy solution
here is to give people the money but
have it count as taxable income so if
you are you know above average means
you're probably going to give it away
because you don't want to pay the taxes
on it you're gonna give it to a charity
you can give to somebody who needs it or
you're gonna keep it and pay taxes on it
that's the simple solution but okay so
I'm going to go through some questions
that I've already gotten and then one of
the things that a lot of people have
asked about asked me to actually show
and talk about this thing because this
is what I always recommend people get
for YouTube just see although when I
start opening and hang this up and
showing the inside this isn't copy
written military field manuals generally
are not so that is owned by the people
okay alright so one of the big things
that's coming up right now is a question
about medicine because ibuprofen
according to do the Europeans well
that's not going so well it may be
having some some poor reactions Thank
You H P 111 so ibuprofen most of us call
it motrin and the World Health
Organization is recommending something
paracetamol and people are going into
Walmart and CDF
to find it and they can't it's because
it's not what we call it here
it's Tylenol its acetaminophen however
when using this I would caution because
you don't want to overdose and not like
Wow not gonna say that you want to watch
your dosage so if you're giving a sedum
in offend and you are also using your
favorite cold and flu that's also has
acetaminophen so you want to watch your
dosage acetaminophen destroys your liver
that is yeah yeah I mean it when you say
it like that it's not quite that cut and
dry but yeah there there are just like
anything else there are there are
downsides I would there's also the
discussion over whether or not to let
the fever run its course because there
is a very well-known doctor
that's advising that I am NOT a doctor I
am NOT a medical professional my
standard advice is follow the advice of
the medical professional you're seeing
because the person the doc or the the
practitioner that you're seeing knows
your case history follow their advice I
understand where he's coming from and I
tend to agree for me however what I will
tell you is that in the United States
101.4 that's the magic number if you are
in a hospital and it hits one on one
point for you're getting medicated so
they give it a couple of degrees to do
what it's supposed to do but they don't
let it get too high so standard advice
follow the advice of the medical
professional your city nobody on the
internet is going to have your medical
history and while I definitely
understand what
what that doc is saying and it's he's
somebody that I actually looked to I
would remind everybody that it's not cut
and dry fevers can be dangerous at the
same time follow the advice of the
person that that knows your medical
history so yeah bad pirate monkey brings
up a good point the focus has been on
ibuprofen because that's the most common
however this applies to all in sets
which is like non-steroidal
anti-inflammatory something like that
the title of the book I just held up is
survival FM 21-7 you can actually
download this for free because it isn't
copyright them it's a military survival
manual so US Army survival manual they
have different years available you know
from from when they've updated it ah the
one that's sitting here was done in 1970
it's not hugely different than the one
done today I get them all because the
stuff that's omitted and one could be
useful and again you could download them
for free or you can pick them up at any
surplus store for like ten bucks
yes 1970 October of 1972 be precise okay
so another question that I've been
getting is about gas masks I I don't
think we're at that level yet however
I'm not going to dissuade anybody from
taking precautions so gas masks the most
common one you're gonna find on the
market right now is this guy now this is
a kid's one it's a big yeah in that
creepy
they are Israeli made they are under
normal circumstances like twenty to
thirty bucks right now they're probably
150 because
trying to rip everybody off I have fit
tested these four friends dozens over
the years I found one that didn't work
that had it had some dry rot so I would
I mean overall that that's a pretty good
write for a surplus product I would make
sure you get it fit tested though if you
don't know how to fit test it's actually
really simple
but to make sure it's done right your
answer is to find the vet and buy a can
of air freshener and just let them let
them fit it for you now when you order
this thing it's gonna come with this
this is a filter okay it screws in the
end this is probably expired every
single one of them I've seen that has
come with ordering with one of these is
expired
and we'll get to the debate over whether
or not you can use it in a second non
expired ones are available in the
civilian market they're also relatively
inexpensive now you want the ones at the
rainbow if you're getting a civilian one
what the one with all the colors it
provides the most protection Supercat
man thank you the cancellation of the
eurovision song contest okay now there
is a debate over whether or not you can
use these i would not trust my life to
it i would not trust my life to it and
some of the real older ones have stuff
like asbestos and now i i have expired
filters that I keep last last case
scenario you know last-ditch effort I I
would not trust my life to them if I had
any other option at all there are
civilian options for gas masks available
they're called respirators that's
actually what I have I've got a think
it's a sixty eight hundred or something
like that they're made by three but
there's a whole bunch of companies out
there that make them
I would advise finding one that has
40-millimeter Fred's so it can take
these and can take the civilian filters
keep them sealed and let's see here so
that would allow you to take both when
what are the other things that's coming
up right now there are a lot of medical
professionals that are already starting
to use the half mace or half face Bain
looking masks but they're running out of
in 95 filters this for example is a
multi gas cartridge at the end it's the
/p 100 100 is better than 95 you can use
these here yeah that's my phone I'm
gonna get it in just a second
though you need to shave your beard to
make it properly work fact okay so if
you have a beard especially one like
mine oh my god let me get my phone real
quick
that was incredibly annoying okay so if
you have a beard and you put on a gas
mask even if it's fitted you basically
through a sweater over your head it's
not gonna do a lot of good you have to
have a proper fit and you're gonna have
to shave for that now with the civilian
ones I've found they provide a decent
fit with stubble but not with a beard
now for the journalists out there that
know the Vaseline trick that works for
CS NCN that's not something you'd want
to trust your life to if it was
something more serious
why haven't texas schools closed yet I
don't know I don't know there are a lot
of local jurisdictions that are not
making the moves I would make but it is
what it is
again I don't think that gas masks are
necessary at this moment but that
there's a little primer on how they work
and again it's not a I don't think it's
necessary but once this calms down and
the price returns they're inexpensive
they're inexpensive if you're getting a
surplus one America is two to three
weeks late and yeah yeah we are we are
behind the curve as far as being
prepared for this which is upsetting
because we have had plans to deal with
this any thoughts about reported
increases in concepts fear you know it's
fear driven the
[Music]
the idea of total social breakdown it's
gonna become a reality most of the
people that are getting them are those
who probably already had firearms to
begin with or they're truly worried
about some form of civil unrest I don't
see that as likely personally ammunition
sells it it's a lot like toilet paper
for some people they're trying to
control what they can they're trying to
prepare in the way that they've been
told to prepare if if the only tool you
have is a hammer everything looks like a
nail and it's not going to do Wow it's
doing it it's hard to keep up okay let's
see I don't think you need a gun well I
mean I you know me
I would advise everybody have one like
if you are not prohibited you you should
own one know how to use it and be
comfortable with it and keep it secure
to do all of that stuff it's like a fire
extinguisher however I would not let the
current situation be your motivation for
getting one I don't think that this
particular thing is going to have a huge
a huge impact on whether or not you need
a firearm is it true we will all get
sick probably not the most reliable
models I've seen are showing about half
more or less are going to contract it
but even that doesn't mean everybody's
gonna get sick and certainly doesn't
mean that everybody's gonna need to go
see a doc
[Music]
all the medical people that I have
talked to have said the same thing you
can treat most symptoms on your own
worried when you start having trouble
breathing so you have shortness of
breath or you become hard to arouse like
hard to wake up sorry are we going to
martial law I know I don't see that I
know the governor of California just
mentioned something about it that's
martial law is an extreme step there's a
whole bunch of stuff that can occur
between where we're at and martial law
the National Guard coming out and I
think this is what the governor actually
meant was that he would bring the
National Guard out to assist in the
enforcement of civil law that's not
martial law Thank You Ranma if you are
talking when you're talking to a martial
law the military commanders literally
are the law that's not something that I
foresee happening I really don't I don't
see that as something that's occurred is
is going to occur that is a incredibly
extreme step let's see yeah mobilizing
the National Guard is not martial law
yeah I'll say that one more time we have
that in Florida we have that almost
after every hurricane
it's about martial law they come out
they help Florida's National Guard is
great they really are yeah paracetamol
is is Tylenol well it's acetaminophen
which is is tylenol is what everybody
would call it here if you're looking for
it that's what you need to be asking for
because the name paracetamol is not used
in the US really
[Music]
Thank You Aaron em yeah there that we're
talking about the the surge hitting the
hospitals relatively soon now we're
we're days away from that and that's
that's when we know how bad it is right
now everybody's guessing everybody is
guessing we don't know all of the
information yet and that's that's why
it's a little be prepared but don't be
scared just roll with it and see see
what information comes out what's better
if Florida's cops or National Guard up
here in the Panhandle in the rural parts
our cops aren't bad they're they're
really not they they tend to go by the
spirit of the law rather than the letter
of the law you know I've seen a lot of
cops be like you can't do that in front
of me not that you can't do it you just
have to be a little more discreet about
as far as in South Florida if I had the
choice of interacting in a
confrontational manner with the National
Guard or the law enforcement in South
Florida I would choose the National
Guard they tend to be a little bit more
fair a little bit more policy driven
there are there there's a lot of bad
department in in Florida specifically in
South Florida let's see will the
production yes that will help the other
thing that's been done is the release of
a strategic reserve of stuff that we've
had since the Cold War that is
definitely going to assist I think right
now I think Florida has a thousand
respirators on the way Thank You Becca
scraps and thank you cultivated choice
chicken
genetics the screen names here are great
Natacha index after this what permanent
societal changes to you foresee for the
future I would hope that people realize
that mutual aid at the community level
is going to help them respond so much
faster than the federal government ever
will I would hope that that is a main
takeaway from this that community
networks are key to to establishing any
form of a proper response to to a major
emergency it has been the state and
local governments that have been leading
the way and those have been pushed by
people who are active in their community
people who are part of a de-facto
community network build local solidarity
absolutely now for those who are going
to be listening to this on the podcast
if I say something random I am reading
comments coming in from a livestream
chat thank you kick us from Estonia
[Music]
thank you sure shot a San Francisco
Police Department was responsible for a
South Florida Police Department was
responsible for that UPS truck massacre
yeah yeah that was man that that was
something else
now that was all bad I mean not just the
not just the outcome that everybody
focuses on but the tactics used in that
using civilian occupied civilian
vehicles as cover
that's generally frowned upon by by by
everybody
that's not good and then that happened
[Music]
yeah that was that was all bad but yeah
that was a South Florida Department
[Music]
where's first day okay
lockdown so what does that mean it's
gonna vary by jurisdiction so lockdowns
what that means in New York or a major
city they may be a little bit more
strict than say out here Thank You Ranma
from New York City VA thanks for your
videos are awesome thank you so it's in
a situation where medication is scarce
what are some herbs that are powerful
tools in this situation I don't know
that there are any because we don't know
enough about it that that's the key
thing is that that's why a lot of the
statements that are going around well do
this and this will help we don't know
that we do not know that we don't know
that that's true theoretically those
that are typically seen as antivirals
may help but we don't know that there
hasn't been any testing done so it is
what it is I'm gonna go back to that
story about the the young kid seeing the
doc on the military base
what would your mom tell you to do and
stay home get lots of rest drink lots of
fluids you know do what you're supposed
to do under normal circumstances your
mom your mom's a smart lady
you know let's see there's been testing
in China on certain antivirals that are
effective yeah I was looking at that
last night and it's not that is not
anecdotal
it's a Japanese antiviral
and I want to say the sample size was
340 which isn't ideal but it's pretty
good I mean that's a decent sample size
and it appeared to be incredibly
effective so there there is a lot of
hope in regards to this and the fact
that China has a lot to do with it I
come back to that question the fact that
China has a lot to do with it is helpful
in a way because they are a how to say
this delicately they're an authoritarian
society which means when it comes to
responding to something like this they
have a lot more leeway as far as testing
stuff goes because of the u.s. you
really need consent there not so much
it's not ideal not something I would
philosophically agree with however it's
there it is happening right now
William asks how do you battle the
conspiracy theorists in regards to the
craziness among us here I always try to
look at why people believe a theory and
work backwards you know you had to
figure out why they believed it in most
cases they look at the surrounding world
they see how crazy it is and they're
looking for they're they're looking for
some sense of order you know it's like
when you look at its cloud and you oh
that looks like a bunny now it really
doesn't your mind is trying to make
sense of it and I think that's where a
lot of it comes from they're looking for
order there they're looking for
something to believe in
and it it's less scary to think that
there is a group of people controlling
the world then everything is right I
think that has a lot to do with it
Syriana and I'm once in us to war on
lies recession bailed out people that
caused it they're trying to bail off
fossil fuel industry instead investigate
new details creating jobs cleaning up
environment so we can grow food in soil
and have clean waters yes yeah I don't
really have much of a comment on that
yeah that's what we need to do our
infrastructure is going to have to
change what we're gonna have to do it I
would suggest doing it now because when
we come out of this we're going to need
a jobs program more than likely that
would be a great one
you know we can get the economy back on
track and help restructure for what we
need to is it worth it to industrial ii
disinfect confirmed covet sites for my
job it's a my line of work and i don't
know if it's worth it how long have they
been cleared that would be my question
because a lot of the disinfecting that
goes on it's really for peace of mind if
you know it closes down and then it
takes a day to hire you and your
schedule two days out I mean yeah go
ahead look at the length of time this
stuff survives on various surfaces most
times what's going on in those
situations is really for the peace of
mind of the people who are going to be
coming back to work there I would
imagine that in a lot of scenarios it's
already gone by the time y'all show up
but just tat check and then look to see
how long it's going to be in between the
big they discovering that they needed
disinfect it and you guys showing up
bad drivers of Milwaukee thank you thank
you for what you do what should workers
who want to self quarantine or who have
been in contact with Co vat19 to if
their job won't send them home it you
know it depends on your scenario and
your level of comfort engaging with
people I would point out if you are
comfortable engaging and you you can't
do this and you can't risk losing your
job I would point out that you know I'm
telling you now I've been exposed if I'm
telling you this and you make me come to
work and these other people get exposed
it's literally your fault and there's
probably gonna be a lot of lawsuits
about this later
[Music]
blue Richardson thank you what
precautions are you taking with your
family over the virus what should mine
be doing and Thank You Bryan Church okay
so my situation is a little weird
because my wife's job so my precautions
are probably a little extreme for most
people you know we've set up the solar
shower all of that stuff but that's
because she's coming from a place that
more than likely will have that stuff in
it every day guaranteed exposure or you
know if if you have the ability and you
want to protect your family stay home
stay home I think that that's going to
become relatively mandatory soon that
everybody just stay home
and that's where I would go with it that
is your safest bet limit contact wait
it's Bo's birthday yes it is my birthday
they can survive on surfaces up to three
days now there's a lot of people asking
questions about financing and money I
would hope that I would hope that the
the the stimulus is coming soon how can
a concert journalists go out and get
stories after curfew if they're not
credentialed do you carry credentials
and who issues those outside of
Pyongyang okay so how have I done it in
the past ha ha ha I just did it
I do have credentials I think that our
unexpired but press passes really don't
mean much in real life they're issued
normally by than you you you can have
one that that's issued by your agency by
who you work for whether the cops honor
that is up to them so you're gonna have
to talk to if you want to be on the safe
side you want to work something out I
would talk to your County Sheriff
because your County Sheriff is going to
have the ability that to issue or at
least say yeah you're good
but there is no real Press Pass that
gives you any real privileges it's it's
a courtesy and then other than that you
really have to know the law or be
willing to get cuffed up if necessary I
I was dumb a lot of times and I just
went and did it I only had a couple of
incidents where a cop was like why are
you even here right now and I didn't
have an answer but Thank You Nicholas
Haslett what do you make of President
Trump in large part adopting Bernie
Sanders leaf approach do you anticipate
he will carry this throughout the band
predicting
Trump is a lot like predicting the
weather I don't know I don't know what
he's gonna do I think he realized he's
he's in over his head and he's finally
starting to listen to people but that
could change at any moment you know he
described himself as a wartime president
recently and you know everybody's like I
can't believe you're saying this it's
just this I'm over here like yeah well
that kind of explains the utter
catastrophes he left in Iraq Afghanistan
and Syria because he didn't consider
himself a wartime president apparently
until now thank you Michael plant people
undisciplined Czechs I believe so but
again that's not that isn't hammered out
yet they're sitting there debating and
arguing about it
the package that was approved that's not
in it that this would be yet another
bill that's still being discussed we are
all journalists the First Amendment does
not say abcs the press fact fact you
know there's that old saying the freedom
of the press is limited to those who
have won who have a press you have one
in your hand or on your lap or you know
on your desk whatever you're watching
this on right now you can be a
journalist I am NOT one of those people
who think that you need a journalism or
a photo journalism degree to be a
journalist I don't think you have to
have a Reuters number I don't are you
are you covering events around you
accurately yeah
then your journalist I mean he
that it's that simple no bailing out the
airline industry the cruise industry
it's a perfect opportunity for a great
new deal that's right you know we could
just take that money and put it into a
train system do I think there will be an
income cut off to receive the stimulus
money I don't know I don't know I would
hope not not because I think that you
know people that are making more than a
hundred grand a year the four grand is
really going to matter to them but
because it's gonna take time to do the
means testing and it's time we don't
have
so I'm my solution is just distribute it
to everybody and then count it as income
so when it comes to tax time you know
those that are of that have more means
that have more money they're probably
going to give the money away cuz they're
like I don't wanna pay taxes on it let's
see how should the Florida handle the
spring bank kids send them home close
the beaches uh-huh close the beaches
[Music]
let's see do state or counties have food
storage houses set up for their
community and emergencies there are food
banks but most times they are just
utilized by people of lesser means one
thing I want to keep pointing out is we
don't have a food shortage we don't what
we have is a zero inventory system once
it's cleared out you gotta wait for the
next truck but the next truck is coming
it's not that there's not food it's just
not on the shelves we have a
distribution issue right now
that will be worked out I imagine pretty
soon that's why you're starting to see a
lot of big-box stores just leave stuff
on the pallets rather than putting it
out so Michael Rice jr. do you believe
martial law is inevitable
no no martial law is incredibly extreme
stuff I do not see that as something
that's going to happen I do foresee the
National Guard being deployed to help
help with law enforcement and especially
help with medical medical treatment but
that's not martial law martial law is
it's insane
like like when people talk about that
it's the military your local military
commander the person assigned to that
area is literally the law that that's
how extreme that is I don't see that
coming
[Music]
okay do government programs like basic
income fit into my world view the idea
of everybody having what they need is my
worldview it's not that that's looking
at the end result it's more about the
means of how its achieved my world view
involves everybody doing that because
it's the right thing to do not because
the government is saying you better do
it but yeah in my worldview everybody
would have housing food you know all the
basic necessities of life without that
my worldview couldn't couldn't function
that that's a requirement
[Music]
I think Trump will pay money to voters I
mean American workers yeah absolutely
and if he doesn't then yeah that's gonna
be a mistake I think that's probably the
only move that if they're concerned
about the economy that's what they've
got to do and they've got to do it quick
[Music]
okay I don't see how National Guard
helping helps doctors calling up doctors
helps doctors are needed at their
Hospital the National Guard can help in
other ways yeah I understand what you're
saying what's probably gonna go down
there is we're going to call up
reservists and active-duty medical
professionals may end up going to advise
at hospitals I don't foresee them
pulling National Guard Doc's out of
their Hospital to then go work in a
military pop up I say I don't see that
but it's it's the military it might
happen that that might happen you know
like it doesn't make any sense but to
from the military standpoint the needs
of the military come first so that that
may actually happen I hope not
[Music]
I'm Stein thank you
happy birthday is the US Court system
responsible to the International
Criminal Court's such as forcing people
to vote under pandemic I don't know that
that would be an ICC issue and in theory
yeah the u.s. is in theory the u.s. does
fall under the ICC in in theory and
practice the u.s. does everything within
its power to disrupt their activities so
why would they not want to pay taxes on
it I'm assuming that's about people of
higher means so if you get four grand
once you hit certain rights if you get
four grand you're you end up paying you
know thirty forty percent on it by the
time it's all said and done or you can
give it away yeah there may be some
people who who will go through it to
keep the twenty seven hundred bucks I
would suggest that by the time they do
the means testing on it and go through
and and it's going to take too long and
cost too much for it to have even
mattered
okay do I think there will be strings
attached to the check okay so this isn't
without precedent they've done this
before George Bush did this with a
lesser amount and it is what it is what
they're what they're hoping to save the
economy on some level it's not really to
help you but they understand that if you
don't pay your bills you don't pay your
mortgage that screws the banks it and it
messes up other sectors of an industry
which are relatively safe if those go
down the whole economy goes bad that's
what they're trying to say it's not
really to help you I don't know that I
don't know that strings is is the right
word does this suggest a reprioritizing
for military industrial to help focus
complex prevention and mother earth I
hope so
I've said for a long time we got to stop
being the world's policemen start being
the world's EMT that way we can have the
massive production complex that we have
and we'd be helping people instead of
hurting them hopefully this will did
this will help in that transition yeah
the the CDC does have a chart a handy
dandy chart on what kind of facial hair
styles are acceptable for in ninety five
masks I can tell you right now this
isn't one of them
let's see have you heard of The Venus
Project in Venus Florida it was made by
a man named Jacques fresco who
introduced the idea of a resource-based
economy' 200 words can't sum it up there
are lectures on YouTube I will look into
it I will look into it I gotta fill in I
just see although I've done everything I
can in the local area I have done
everything I can to help so I am now on
self-imposed isolation I'm stuck at home
and if you know me you know that that's
driving me nuts
I need something to do would a bandana
suffice as a face mask it's better than
nothing but no it is not the same thing
as an n95 by staying in our house for a
week besides emergencies so it's a big
deal if it helps come it's not it's not
a big deal it's just I don't like being
idle like at any level
Natasha Nix our government checks a way
to manipulate the election I think that
there might be some motivation on that
in there but I don't think it's gonna be
successful
take the money pay your bills though I
don't think people are going to forget
the initial response is here thank you i
dean Mousavi
what kind of social and political
movements do you think we can build
following the pandemic and Bernie
Sanders campaign failure local community
networks that's that's where it is
that's where the power is that's what we
have to focus on
okay another question that keeps coming
up I was gonna do the tour we'll go
around and help people set them up
obviously that doesn't appear like it's
gonna happen because they're they're
basically we're gonna have if they
follow most models we will have a short
period of almost total lockdown and then
it's still going to be limited because
it can pop back up so what was planned
here in a couple months probably isn't
going to happen I'm trying to work out
the logistics of maybe doing it via
Skype or doing it via livestream you
know getting getting people who we were
gonna go visit have them get their group
together and then Skype with them and
then maybe put it online so everybody
can learn from everybody else if you're
interested let's see can you get it
again they don't know I've been looking
at the studies on that they don't know
typically there there's an immunity that
is developed when once you contract a
virus it may be a lifetime immunity it
may be a seasonal thing we don't know we
don't even know that it crosses within
within the season yeah they just don't
have that information yet it's happy
birthday thank you
please let people know that there are
there are three D open source materials
for medical and first responders bots
are edit again you know it's funny I
don't actually see those those comments
I don't they don't pop up I don't I
don't see them
I don't know why I don't know why they
would show me you but not to me
filter them out for me how would you
turn a garage into a sanitation area
okay so if you want to do build a
makeshift decon thing some faucets in
your house may have an adapter that
allows them to hook up to a garden hose
that would be fantastic because then you
could just run hot water to wherever you
need it to go that would be great if not
you you can use a solar shower if you're
somewhere warm otherwise you may end up
just having to deal with cold water
which is not ideal
but the idea is you have a kind of like
an airlock or a sally port you have an
area you walk into dirty you clean
you've everything that could be dirty
there and then you go in and then you do
the reverse heading out let's see I've
got an SAS survival book it's pretty
great it is that's a good one it's just
not as widely available or cheap in the
United States I would imagine that if
you were in the UK that would be better
to get because it's probably available
as widely as as this thing is here see
thank you Titus garden hoses are dirty
yeah I make sure but not as dirty as the
is the other stuff so makes life easier
if your washer and dryer are in the
garage yeah and what you can do is bag
bag it up that is one option there too
Thank You binky I have a friend in
Alabama the state GOP have stacked the
deck on the local level what steps can
locals in the boonies
take to affect change you're gonna have
to undo propaganda if you're talking
about the areas of Alabama that I'm
familiar with you're gonna in that
you're going to have to undo the
programming that Republicans care about
the south and we're care about the
working class because they don't you're
gonna have to undo that program I used
to live in nice film today Abigail I
used to live in Niceville uh yeah I used
to live off palm I used to live over
there nice nice little community
how often will you be doing live streams
in the event of a lockdown I don't know
I have no idea I'm gonna do another one
tonight at 9:00 it's really just to help
get information out hang out I will
probably be doing a lot of them late
night and doing they'll watch a movie
type thing see Thank You Helen folding
any real info on NSAIDs
and response okay so what the World
Health Organization is is saying is that
it's not a guaranteed downside to using
ibuprofen to using in sets but that
there's a risk and given the severity of
what's being treated it's better to not
take any risks that's really what what
it shows the it's not hard confirmed 100
percent proven type of it's not settled
science but it is significant enough to
be a concern and when you have another
alternative you use the alternative
Thank You Brianne ski what's your
opinion on mandatory temperature checks
like if you have high temp refuse test
you can't enter a public workspace it
sounds good the problem is that there
are people that don't run fevers there
it's not going to be effective it's
going to be a false sense of security
the the answer from everything that I've
seen the answer is shutting everything
down for 21 yes that that's that's the
appropriate response from what I've seen
the half measures are going to be half
successful
let's see people have 3d printers can't
Google open-source designs four types of
masks shield holders and parts of the
medical community forest responders yeah
I've seen that if so it was extremely
successful in Italy and then I guess the
medical supply company threatened to sue
them they basically told them to take a
walk which good for them
in the United States there is a there's
a legal principle called the lesser of
two evils and I am fairly certain that
in this case if you're making stuff for
medical professionals that they'll
probably overlook copyright oh I don't
think that's gonna be a thing I don't
think people are gonna be worried about
that let's see
and you get arrested for running around
coughing on people you get arrested for
anything I would imagine that there are
some states that have laws on the books
from a while ago that deal with the
intentional spreading of disease so
probably you can get it again I've seen
it both ways I would I think that's
probably an accurate statement because I
think that it is possible to get it
again I don't know how likely it is
let's see what is the rainbow wall is it
also in your head okay no so the shop is
like way out there and it's so far out
there that I can't do a live stream from
there that the Wi-Fi doesn't reach it
this is a backdrop it's just something
one of the things I noticed was that it
was the background of the shop that a
lot of people saw before they noticed me
because I look like every I look like
every redneck on YouTube so I wanted to
have something that was kind of familiar
and a little weird too too so people be
like oh that's about
all I want to know is when can we drink
Corona beer again as soon as it's over
not because of the name though alcohol
suppresses your immune system you don't
want to drink right now
I know it's my birthday you think I'd be
live-streaming if I could drink come on
will political extremists try to try try
to exploit the current situation to
further their own agendas yeah of course
of course absolutely
that's absolutely going to happen never
let a crisis go to waste if you were in
politics that is rule one I don't know
if it suppresses the immune system but
you shouldn't be smoking so maybe you
can make it edible in some fashion
who is getting richer is getting rich on
this crisis there is a legal precedent
for the government allowing copyright
infringement I'm sure I'm sure here's a
fun weird historical fact for you one of
the most sought-after versions of the
1911 which is a very popular handgun
used during World War two was
manufactured by singer the sewing
machine company like everybody wants to
get their hands on one Thank You uncle
dot read Type O blood is more resistant
to the virus I've seen I've seen the
initial Studies on that I haven't
actually looked at them yet so I don't
know I don't know how accurate they are
because a lot of studies come out and
they're more anecdotal than studies but
I have seen that that I think it's Type
A is more susceptible Thank You Cody
Sexson for years my friends and family
have poked fun at me for being a prepper
yeah well all validated at the moment
right
I need help delegating and organizing
yeah I did I feel you I feel you let's
see how would the money come a check in
the middle yes that that's my
understanding a check in the mail or
maybe even direct deposit I don't know
probably a check in the mail too I came
last time yeah preppers all over the
country right now how are like see we
told you
and there are a lot of people that need
stuff that don't have access to it and
didn't plan ahead and that's why if you
are a prepper
you should Oh
set aside something to give to the
community because they're gonna need it
see sure shot thank you one weak case of
those MREs are $200 oh no don't do that
oh absolutely not yeah so a case uh a
case of MREs 60 bucks that's the most
you should pay for it they're not that
great one of the other props I have
because I figured this would come up is
sitting right here these are available
at Walmart they're 20 bucks
they have 55 servings in them
it is a 48-hour kit for four people
I'm not eating MREs I don't care yeah I
know a lot of people that are like that
like I'm done I've done it I'm never
doing it again
10% digestible plastic Thank You candy
Roach how long do you plan on being in
isolation people are still not taking
this seriously it seems like that's
going to prolong how long the people who
are already in isolation are because of
my situation of my wife's job probably a
while because as long as it's active I
can be infected because she could bring
it home
so I'm I'm already kind of gearing up
and for for a while I don't know how
long can you use CPAP as a ventilator no
no I think BiPAP is something they're
trying to make it work
I mean CPAP is better than nothing you
know it's like oxygen therapy is better
than nothing
but it's not it is not ideal it's not
going to replace a little later
let's see but yeah just for people who
who do prep I'll tell you right now what
medical facilities at least in rural
areas apparently need they don't have a
washable hazmat suits like they just
don't have them which they may need
those in reserve so given the fact the
reason that you probably have one or
five or whatever is it happening right
now
it might be worth letting them use them
obviously masks stuff like that I'm very
concerned for the safety of medical
staff yeah they're they're taking a
there they're taking a hit right now
somebody's tell me to block the bots I I
don't know why they're not showing up oh
wait I just saw one what is that so are
they actually okay so are the bots
providing questions that are semi
related to the topic weird
all right uh Thank You Amanda should
people be planting gardens home canning
etc to help bring this strain on the
system yes always like right now six
months ago like that should always be a
thing
I'm trying to cycle through the bots as
as they come up read there have been a
Cronus train going around end of last
year I mean my co-workers got stick
fever and a two-week off any validity to
that okay so I've been looking into this
this is kind of cool
there is a theory and it is a theory but
it is floated by not crazy people which
is cool that that there was a weaker
strain of this that has already been
here my understanding is that they have
found cases going back to January which
would be nice because that means there's
a lot more people that have immunities
in theory then we know that would be
cool but we don't but we're not certain
that that's a thing so
what's your definition of crazy in
regards to that those that are spouting
things that just are not backed up by
science I have a very very low threshold
for false information inaccurate
information during an emergency
especially if it's for self profit that
that's I like you know talk about a pet
peeve that's one of them so let's see
they're not by it's just creative
workers well I mean but y'all both said
the exact same thing at the same time
that's a little weird
keep doing live streams during isolation
probably broadly um I feel like this
kind of one of the things that I can do
that that can help and since I'm locked
down and can't get out right now I'll
definitely be doing it see you know I
saw somebody something about bringing
back retired nurses and professionals if
you say yeah if your licensing is still
up to date McCall
give them a call I'm sure they can use
you
no one believes I'm from Florida okay
that's a weird theory what do you know
about PTSD I just found out I have it
after 20 years Wow so I'm gonna assume
that what you I don't even know that's
true okay so PTSD has a lot of different
factors to it it depends a lot on why
you have it so as far as counteracting
it it really depends the the end result
is you're gonna have to address whatever
it is that caused it it's not a short
thing it's a long process if it is yeah
this is something you're gonna need
you're gonna need help with more than
likely because it's it sounds when they
first start talking about it they're
like oh you got hyper vigilance and
you're like that's cool you know I can
roll with that and then the more you
find out about it the more okay maybe I
do need some help is there a way you can
donate directly patreon that's one way
Kim Walden thank you thank you for the
birthday wishes everybody so if I'm
getting this right is it basically those
that say tap on my photo or the box
y'all are talking about
okay I'm trying give me a second and
I'll try to weed them out real quick and
the more I look at the profile pictures
and screen names yeah
okay impact on women shelters that is
definitely gonna be a thing Randy thank
you sure shot thank you I'm a big knife
collector what life do you carry a
Spyderco para and a Swiss Army knife
that was actually another question that
so I've got a this is gonna be really
boring to most people but I have a Sykes
Fairburn that apparently ly visible in
the background and a lot of people that
ask it if they should get what I'm like
I mean yeah I mean if you know when it's
it's for and that's really what you want
to use it for but if you're gonna use
something for survival I get a K bar or
something like that
Thank You Gregory Riggs so if you get
this then what it sounds like they treat
you like a science project and walk off
and let you suffer the our science
project this is yeah this is one of
those things where it's something new
they're they're trying to figure it out
and those you know there are people
there's somebody in the United States
who's already been injected with a
vaccine that person is taking a huge
risk for all of us and that there is I
mean that there's an element of truth
that you are a science project because
the the medical professionals that are
working on the research that are trying
to do this are trying to make it as
manageable as possible and right now
that requires experimentation because
they don't know
that they don't have enough information
so it is what it is I've seen a lot of
people asking about that too of one
thing drills and tabletops they occur
all the time for various reasons you
will always be able to find a drill or a
tabletop exercise that lines up with
some event I mean there I'm certain
there's one happening right now there
are like there's active shooter drills
that occur like every day and you know
probably not right now but under normal
circumstances so it's not surprising
that there's always a drill that lines
up with another one you know I've
actually I was at conferences dealing
with this exact subject in Oh something
2000 something early 2000s so if some if
something had happened at that moment an
outbreak had occurred somebody would be
pointing to that as saying look they
were studying it it doesn't necessarily
mean that that's the case
thank you unreal Punk indeed for self
quarantine I don't have one don't have
one
[Music]
and thank you for the birthday wishes I
got a question what do you think Trump
refer to this is a Chinese iris and
therefore creating its Trump being Trump
you know being an idiot on the lips type
of thing I I think we're going to end up
having to just ignore his stupidity
eventually it is what it is
when this is over our stocks going to go
up probably I mean historically speaking
that's what normally happens at the end
they don't go up like super quick though
but yeah if you have some extra cash
yeah I'm sure why not but I would
suggest that there are any time there's
crisis there's opportunity immediately
afterward and I would suggest that you
focus on things that can help you that
you're good at that you can make direct
efforts with and and put your money
there rather than relying on the stock
market
[Music]
let's see I see a lot of people saying
that if we go into a depression it'll be
like the 30s and we'll be hunting
wabbits for food I don't think so
I mean maybe sure it could happen but I
mean it seems unlikely I don't I don't
think it's going to get that bad I don't
it could but it seems unlikely but again
our it I'm less concerned because of
where I live
I don't those types of scenarios don't
worry they need much because if that's
the case I literally walk out back if I
was in a city I would probably take
those those scenarios a little bit more
a little bit more seriously
[Music]
what what's scarier coronavirus or 9/11
the day it happened yeah you know I
actually sat around with some other guys
playing risk and drinking beer I mean
the second the second plane hit we all
knew what that meant long to her this so
we gotta get out there you know so I
yeah I was in a different mindset back
then so I I didn't see 9/11 is scary I
saw it as a call to action
[Music]
okay okay so since we're sitting here
okay I have basic survival equipment
such as hunting knife and shovel hatchet
matches how can I help other people with
this stuff right now you can and
hopefully hopefully that stuff never
comes into play that's that's the stuff
that you you have when things go really
bad so you have different levels you
have you know the survivalist those
people who are prepared when everything
breaks down and then you have Preppers
and Preppers tend to prepare for various
scenarios and they have stuff on hand
survival survivalism is more about
having the skills and the basic tools to
to make do that is why going back to
this that's why I recommend this it has
a it literally will go through and show
you different animals that you can eat
it shows you how to make shelter what
food is available how to cook and clean
different animals it shows you how to
navigate it this if you're going to get
involved in it get this when it comes
down to surviving in a really bad
situation knowledge weighs nothing
everything else you have to carry the
more knowledge you have the less stuff
you have to you know and eventually you
get